---
layout: post
title:  "Welcome to my developer blog!"
date:   2019-05-17 16:45:04 +0200
categories: personal
---

### Introduction
I am Evaldas Latoškinas, currently a first year Computer Science & Engineering international student in the Netherlands at TU Delft.
Originally, I come from Vilnius, Lithuania.

#### My Interests && Hobbies

My main interest, broadly, is programming and development. Right now, I try to expose myself to as many
fields in Computer Science as possible to see what I love the most, but so far, Software Engineering seems to be the direction
that I am generally steering towards.

As far as my hobbies go, I am an avid music listener, and tend to explore a variety of different genres and artists, and
always keep an open mind when looking for new music.

Another hobby of mine is 3D modelling, which I mainly combine with my passion for development by using the 3D models
that I have created for my personal game projects.

Lastly, I also have a bit of history with Graphic Design, which I was involved in as an enthusiast, but also as a freelancer 3-4 years ago.
However, in the end, I have decided that development is my stronger passion and something I am more skilled in,
therefore it now simply remains a hobby and a nice skill to have.

### What this blog is about
This blog will involve various status updates on my development process, which will mostly be about my publicly
available projects that I am working on, as well as sneak peeks of some private projects that will be released
at some point! What might also be expected is some career-oriented and some personal blog posts, however, everything
will generally revolve around development.

I also have a separate [blog][enlighten-works] for my released mobile apps and games, as well as a [personal website][personal-website].
However, this blog will be more personal. It will generally involve quite a bit of my personal remarks, which is different from my website
or my application release blog, both of which intend to give a neutral view by just providing information.

#### My experience
The areas of programming I have been mainly involved so far include:

* Android development
* Unity3D game development
* Java desktop development
* JavaScript web application development
* Algorithmic challenges, for which I prefer to use C++
* Delving into Data Science using Python
* Assembly programming

However, since I am quite adventurous and like to change direction often, you may expect quite a lot of variety in this blog!


**Stay tuned for more!**

[personal-website]: https://lightingft.github.io/
[enlighten-works]: http://enlightenworks.blogspot.com/